
Cartoon Cat fake video call, chat, games and wallpaper
Cartoon Cat Video call and chat is a simple and easy application for you to make a fake call video with your Celebrity Cartoon Cat and chat live with her, Enjoy calling your favorite actor Cartoon Cat and chat in an easy way, feel free and download this Cartoon Cat puzzle Video call app for fun and prank your friends.
Enjoy also calling the Likee.Nastya Puzzle Sister Felilipe neto.
Call your idol Giovanna luluca and pingfonk.
prank your friend by chatting with mr Faisu, chotu Dada, naisa alifia yuriza (NAY), Cartoon Cat, hemry danger.
Live chat with the famous bts song Army, like jimin, jung-kook and taehyung.
video call with the famous celebrity like pocong, vampire, kuntilanak, Lucas Neto, Ryan’s World, Charli D’amelio family etc.
text with blippi, annabelle doll, HiHo kid, scp 098, Vlad and niki.

How to use fake chat with Cartoon Cat:
+ STEP 1
1. Choose you want to simulate fake call from Cartoon Cat.
2. Choose contact pictures & and make a conversation with Cartoon Cat
3. Send a message and wait until Cartoon Cat answer your message

How to use fake video call with Cartoon Cat:
+ STEP 2 (now you are in this step)
1. In the top right, tap video call icon, if the contact statuses is online, video call is available
2. If your screen showing up your front camera don't panic or nerves, Cartoon Cat will answer your calls.
3. Wait a second, normally Cartoon Cat need 5-30 second to answer your call, its normal because nobody know what Cartoon Cat doing right now.
4. Tap Red call icon to stop video call with Cartoon Cat

Wallpaper is added in Cartoon Cat: Chat - Video call - WLPPR
+ STEP 0
1. Swipe Right
2. Select Cartoon Cat wallpaper
3. Set as wallpaper
4. Go to Home screen
5. Wallpaper already set.
Horror 3D Cartoon Cat Games

FEATURES:
Cartoon Cat Haunted Horror Escape
Fake call, prank video call.
Cartoon Cat Horror Game
Fake messenger, send and receive messages from Cartoon Cat.
Set Cartoon Cat wallpaper as you want.
Artificial intelligence Bot chat.
Light Head vs Cartoon Cat Game
Cartoon Cat king
Scary Head Field




With this application you can prank your friends as if you were on the phone of your favorite artist.
You can also show off with your friends by taking screenshots during a video call and then sharing them on your social media such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Twitter and others.

This fake call and fake messenger apps is build with:
Version 1.0 Artificial intelligence Markup Language (AIML) for natural messenger, sometime the answer of messenger is not natural please be patient.
